v0.10.12 blog post (#61)
endless-sky/endless-sky.github.io: _posts/2025-02-22-stable-release-0.10.12.md

---
layout: post
title: Stable release 0.10.12
author: Saugia
---

> Well hello again! Our next stable release, v0.10.12, is here! ~~It's actually been here a while, this post is just a bit late.~~ As with all stable releases, this mainly contains bugfixes, typo fixes, and smaller adjustments based on the previous unstable release. If you don't know what all came with that unstable release, check out the announcement for it above. No need to opt into any beta branches this time around as this release goes out to everyone. For a full list of changes, check out the changelog on our Github.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Well hello again! Our next stable release, v0.10.12, is here! ~~It's actually been here a while, this post is just a bit late.~~ As with all stable releases, this mainly contains bugfixes, typo fixes, and smaller adjustments based on the previous unstable release. If you don't know what all came with that unstable release, check out the announcement for it above. No need to opt into any beta branches this time around as this release goes out to everyone. For a full list of changes, check out the changelog on our GitHub.
```

Author: I meant to put a link to the changelog here.
```suggestion
Well hello again! Our next stable release, v0.10.12, is here! ~~It's actually been here a while, this post is just a bit late.~~ As with all stable releases, this mainly contains bugfixes, typo fixes, and smaller adjustments based on the previous unstable release. If you don't know what all came with that unstable release, check out the previous blog post. No need to opt into any beta branches this time around as this release goes out to everyone. For a full list of changes, check out the [changelog](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/blob/v0.10.12/changelog) on GitHub.
```

> Don't forget that for each major release, we have a feedback box, so you can comment on the larger additions and changes in the game, or in general. The one for 0.10.11 can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdyuyskMNz8lHO3OQCfAnBHNzM7YFJgZDsqd64aefqtmGGmuw/viewform). You can also use the [v0.10.12 discussion post on GitHub](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/discussions/11072)..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't forget that for each major release, we have a feedback box, so you can comment on the larger additions and changes in the game, or in general. The one for 0.10.11 can be found [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdyuyskMNz8lHO3OQCfAnBHNzM7YFJgZDsqd64aefqtmGGmuw/viewform). You can also use the [v0.10.12 discussion post on GitHub](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/discussions/11072).
```

> Head on over and give Endless Sky a star on our Github if you haven't yet! If you'd like, you can also submit reviews on either Steam or GOG. Doing any of this helps the game become more discoverable for others!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Head on over and give Endless Sky a star on our Github if you haven't yet! If you'd like, you can also submit reviews on either Steam or GOG. Doing any of these helps the game become more discoverable for others!
```

> Head on over and give Endless Sky a star on our Github if you haven't yet! If you'd like, you can also submit reviews on either Steam or GOG. Doing any of these helps the game become more discoverable for others!

Reviewer: Missed one.
```suggestion
Head on over and give Endless Sky a star on our GitHub if you haven't yet! If you'd like, you can also submit reviews on either Steam or GOG. Doing any of these helps the game become more discoverable for others!
```

> Our next major unstable release, v0.10.13, is planned to be released late May.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our next major unstable release, v0.10.13, is planned at the end of May.
```
Using "release" twice in a row is a bit awkward, and the milestone says the 31st.

Author: ```suggestion
Our next major unstable release, v0.10.13, is planned for the end of May.
```
